Hi, how am I, my name is nothing and I'm going
to say what it is that breakfast all
days to have energy and maintain the
body with fullness let's see one thing
first I'll do it and then I'll go
to explain seeing what it contains first
We drink water
water within trolley we will place
now the protein shakes and
nutrients of herbalife valencia is
a company that is already in 90 countries I
I take it since I played basketball
so I do not want to recommend everything
for the people who are in the
personal health care that
practice the administration they do
exercise that make your body a
temple then we have a party of
protein that we're going to place an excuse
This is vanilla flavor but also
of 12 flavors and we will take cookies
and green cookies with cream and let's
place two caps for the protein
and the carbohydrate and the nutrients
It vibrates exactly that the body needs
do not have in this shake and now we're going to
see things first let's put it to
liquefy very easy we put it speed
minimum that will make you have
consistency we keep there
and let's go in what it says to liquefy
once we have in liquified we are going
to add a little bit of iron then
the body before absorbing the
nutrients that we need
otherwise I have lived in Spain
lived several countries was born in
Argentina people have a bad
custom seeing that it makes like a coffee
with milk you eat a toast with
butter and disease there have nothing
of protein there you have what the
body needs the fuel that
you need in the most important food that
It is the breakfast to later perform the
works and the tasks that he will do
we have the necessary nutrients in
Spain they eat bread with oil and with
tomato and anchovies in the morning
some have even the audacity
to put a beer in the morning or
a coffee with white sugar what that goes
to generate day after day a deterioration in
your cells and we will have a
cell rejuvenation if there will not be a
oxidation on your cell phone that will generate
that the body
then the second step after
to have put it on him once I sent you
I do not beat it a little more
we do not have the same shake
special I like the weight look
what aim and now let's go take
with the saplings because we have to
live a beautiful life we have to live
an abundant life
here is where I live and this edition
I also want you to live in a style
of powerful life because because these 14
grams of protein are going to be given to your
body energy vitality power
creativity because the cells defend
our whole body depends on the
cells this is cellular nutrition of
advance the balance is a company that
is in 90 countries is since 35
years and fundamentally all
components that they have are natural
natural means that this amounts to
the eggs with an apple with nuts and
with the right fiber you are not going to
grab the eggs the nuts the apple
all the time
feed yourself correctly not at all
the cases in some cases people
is very aware of the
food but what happens
you have also seen the amount of time
it took me a while to make this smoothie by mouth
and this is not true then by certain
moments
dracula
because it's what happens you save yourself
life time because if not you have
what do you have to go to the grocery store
and you have to do all the shopping
you have to wait in line to pay
you have to go up on the farms, leave your
car you have to come from car to
your house to lower the heavy bags to put on
to peel the potatoes to get you to do this with
the one that do the other and it's going
any amount of life time
doing errands at the supermarket
so with this you have a breakfast
and an easy spectacular scene
Nutritious made by more than 200 doctors
endorsed and headed by a prize
nobel who is called hallucinating
so that's why I want to recommend it to you
because it's natural because it's scientific and
because it gives a great result I want that
know that this is natural and that it serves you
for your life that serves your health that
It serves for your energy I want me
contact us because we have one on disk
in cellular nutrition in many countries and
I want you to be able to participate too
If you are interested, interested in
products you write to the email that appears
here we go to our team is going to give you
the one advice by whatsapp for the
social networks does not matter in the country that
live whether you go in australia
we have new people zealand in mexico
a lot of technical people
people in colombia venezuela in argentina
in Spain in many places this is
international there are no borders there is no
limits do not have to have levitas
in your mind
if you want to do the business of going back to
sell products for the people that you
ask but it's not just beaten
this large amount of products today I
I present the smoothie for breakfast
then we are in contact that your life
will be very successful in nutrition and
allergy